# InfantoryApp

New mom is a **status** for women who has recently given birth for the **first time** that lasted until the baby turns a year old. Based on our research, we found that new moms are prone to face **problems** in the first two months after birth. During that timeline, babies need **extra attention** and are most likely to show **unexpected behaviours** (growth spurt), for example, they can cry for hours and refuse to to be fed. This phenomena can **confuse** and **pressure** new moms to **find sources online** or **ask their relatives** regarding their babies’ habit, health and growth, whether it’s normal for their babies to act that way or not. Results revealed that mothers are most commonly concerned about their **baby’s health (58%)**, followed by worries about their **baby reaching milestones at the right age (54%)**, and whether or not they’re **growing as they should (47%)**. However, **not all** advice they got from their families are proven to be true, sometimes in **contrast** with what experts would say. Despite their hard efforts in learning to take care of their babies, statistics also prove that **4 out of 5** new moms feel a **lack of support** from their family members. As a result, new moms **no longer** have the **enjoyment** in taking care of their babies and rather **feel down** or **stressed out** (baby blues), in which may later lead to a more serious **mental health issue** (postpartum). We can ease new moms' burden and help them prevent mental health issues by **helping them track their babies' growth and health**, **give support** in other forms like **compliments** and enable them to **organise their babies' growth process** in which could help them feel less concern and pressured.

We will develop a native iOS App that helps new moms **prevent mental health** issues in taking care of their babies by **tracking the babies' health and growth**  for **new moms** by **providing general guidelines throughout the progress of their babies' growth milestone, encouraging new moms with supportive push notifications on every milestone, tracking the babies' immunisation record and medical record**. We also provide a way for new moms to track the growth milestone by **uploading the babies' photos** rather than keeping it separately in an unorganised manner. This is a solution to the challenge because based on our interview results, new moms are most likely to spend hours looking after their babies, meaning they have very **little time to spare**. An app allows mothers to **easily get information, update** or even **monitor** their **babies’ growth** just **a fingertip away** rather than having to open and write them in a record book. **By digitalising this system in form of an app, it could support new moms practically in taking care of their babies' which will decrease stress and prevent mental health issue of new moms**.

